2:59

Core Java Questions
1. Explain OOPs concepts in detail.
2. Method overloading vs. method overriding: Why and how?
3. How do POJO classes demonstrate encapsulation?
4. What is an interface?
5. Abstract class vs. interface: In which scenario is each best
used?
6. Difference between marker interface and functional interface.
Use cases?
7. What is the diamond problem in Java?
8. What is multithreading? Explain ways to create threads. Can
you quickly write a multithreaded program?
9. What are the methods in the Object class?
10. Can you show how strings are immutable?
11. What is a lambda expression?
12. What are the inbuilt functional interfaces in Java?
13. Streams API: What is it, and how do we use it?
14. What is the Optional class, and what are its uses?
15. What is exception handling, and what are its types?
16. Difference between final, finally, and finalize.
17. Callable vs. Runnable vs. Future.
18. volatile vs. transient keywords.
19. Given List<Integer> list = Arrays.asList(2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9):
-> Filter out all even numbers.
-> Divide all filtered numbers by 2.
-> Print the sum.
20. Can we write a finally block without a catch block?

How to execute multiple Test cases at a time in TestNG?

Which method allows you to change control from one window to other?

Which annotations executed first?

Which open source tolls allows us to read and write Ms Excel file using Java?

How many types of XPath are there in selenium?

In selenium 4,which of the following method allows us to take screenshot of a specific web element?

Which language use in gherkins?

When you only want to access a single element on a webpage which method will you use?

Which class is used for drop-down in selenium?

Which component of selenium is most important?

Which keywords use in gherkins?

How many locators does selenium has?

Which exception is shown in selenium when there is a delay in the loading time of the elements with which we are interacting?

Write correct syntax for absolute path

What is Ui testing?

Which XPath search dissimilar nodes in XML document from the current node

What do you mean by open source software

Which of following browser support selenium?

Which method are present in POM to locate webelement?

Which type of wait command waits for a certain amount of time before it throws an exception?

Which tool you will use to manage and organised jar and lib in automation?

Which type of XPath start with a double forward slash?

Which type of XPath start with a single forward slash?

How many types of wait commands does the selenium web driver provide?


