8:23
Vo
4G
LTE
Sri ram Kukkadapu. Following
QA Engineering Manager @ BT | SAP MII | Selenium | Java | ...
10h.
Oracle #InterviewQuestions for #QA role | Exp 4+ Years
1. Introduce yourself.
2. Write a test case for the scenario where the search button on
amazon was not working and you raised an issue.
3. Write complete steps for navigating to google in selenium?
4. What is WebDriver ?Interface or class ?
5. Can't we write Chrome Driver instead of WebDriver and
why?
6. Do you know the difference between class and interfaces ?
7. Why can't we write class logic in the interface instead of
writing in class implementing it ?
8. Java program to find second max element from an array ?
9. Please let us know your participation in developing the
framework for your project ?
10. Kindly explain for pojo classes and how to send requests and
extract responses in API automation ? Write the logic ?
11. DO you know Jenkins can you build a pipeline ?
12. Can we use the script to create Jenkins pipeline ?
13. Write a Linux command to create a file ?
14. We have table
EmpID EmpName Salary
Fetch 2nd and 3rd largest salary of emp with name ?
8:22
across different browsers:
10. How do you handle test data management and data-driven
testing in your automation projects?
Round 2:
1. Explain your experience in designing and implementing
automation frameworks? what design patterns have you
utilized and why?
2. Describe your experience with test driven development and
behaviour driven development ? How do these methodologies
influence your
automation testing practices ?
3. Have you implemented any strategies for parallel test
execution in your automation frameworks? How do you ensure
optimal resource utilization and testing efficiency ?
4. Can you discuss your experience with integrating automation
tests into the CI/CD pipeline? How do you ensure fast feedback
loops and
reliable test results within a continuous delivery environment?
5. How do you handle testing of microservices architecture in
your automation projects ? What challenges have you
encountered, and how
did you address them?
6. Describe your approach to handle non-functional testing
aspects such as security, performance and accessibility testing
within your automation frameworks ?
7. Have you implemented any techniques for automating the
testing of the mobile application beyond traditional UI
automation?
8. How do you ensure comprehensive test coverage in your
automation suites especially in scenarios involving complex
logics?
Round 3:
1. Tell us something about your achievements ?
2. Why did you leave your last job?
3. Salary expectation ?
J